content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Giuseppe Musillo

# Full name (for SEO)
first_name: Giuseppe
last_name: Musillo

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: PhD Candidate in Economics

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
  - name: Tilburg University
    url: https://www.tilburguniversity.edu/about/schools/economics-and-management/organization/departments/economics

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: I am an Applied Microeconomist interested in Political Economy, Economic History, and Media Economics.

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
  - Applied Microeconomics
  - Political Economy
  - Media Economics
  - Economic History

# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
    - course: PhD in Economics
      institution: Tilburg University
      year: 2022 - Present
    - course: MRes in Economics
      institution: Tilburg University
      year: 2020-2022
    - course: MSc in Economics
      institution: Tilburg University
      year: 2019-2020
    - course: BSc in International Economics and Finance
      institution: Bocconi University
      year: 2016-2019

social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: 'mailto:g.musillo@tilburguniversity.edu'
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://twitter.com/g_musillo
    label: Follow me on Twitter
    display:
      header: true
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/GiuseppeMusillo
  - icon: graduation-cap # Alternatively, use `google-scholar` icon from `ai` icon pack
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=LAtAji0AAAAJ&hl=en&authuser=1
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/giuseppe-musillo-7b3983142/
  - icon: cv
    icon_pack: ai
    link: uploads/CV_Musillo.pdf

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true
---

I am a PhD Candidate in Economics at Tilburg University. I am an Applied Microeconomist interested in Political Economy, Economic History, and Media Economics. My supervisors are [David Schindler](https://david-schindler.de/), [Mery Ferrando](https://meryferrando.com/), and [Anna Salomons](https://www.tilburguniversity.edu/staff/a-m-salomons)
  
{style="text-align: justify;"}

Commit message:

Revise author bio and interests
Updated bio and interests to reflect a focus on Labor Economics. Added current visiting position at Universitat Pompeu Fabra.

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Giuseppe Musillo

# Full name (for SEO)
first_name: Giuseppe
last_name: Musillo

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: PhD Candidate in Economics

# Organizations/Affiliations to show in About widget
organizations:
  - name: Tilburg University
    url: https://www.tilburguniversity.edu/about/schools/economics-and-management/organization/departments/economics

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: I am an Applied Microeconomist interested in Political Economy, Labor Economics, and Media Economics.

# Interests to show in About widget
interests:
  - Political Economy
  - Labor Economics
  - Media Economics
  - Economic History

# Education to show in About widget
education:
  courses:
    - course: PhD in Economics
      institution: Tilburg University
      year: 2022 - Present
    - course: MRes in Economics
      institution: Tilburg University
      year: 2020-2022
    - course: MSc in Economics
      institution: Tilburg University
      year: 2019-2020
    - course: BSc in International Economics and Finance
      institution: Bocconi University
      year: 2016-2019

social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: 'mailto:g.musillo@tilburguniversity.edu'
  - icon: twitter
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://twitter.com/g_musillo
    label: Follow me on Twitter
    display:
      header: true
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/GiuseppeMusillo
  - icon: graduation-cap # Alternatively, use `google-scholar` icon from `ai` icon pack
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=LAtAji0AAAAJ&hl=en&authuser=1
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/giuseppe-musillo-7b3983142/
  - icon: cv
    icon_pack: ai
    link: uploads/CV_Musillo.pdf

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true
---

I am a PhD Candidate in Economics at Tilburg University. I am an Applied Microeconomist interested in Political Economy, Economic History, and Media Economics. My supervisors are [David Schindler](https://david-schindler.de/), [Mery Ferrando](https://meryferrando.com/), and [Anna Salomons](https://www.tilburguniversity.edu/staff/a-m-salomons). 

I am currently visiting Universitat Pompeu Fabra, hosted by Dr. Marta Reynal-Querol.
